Update Community Cloud docs (#1149)
streamlit/docs: content/get-started/installation/cloud-quickstart.md

<Image alt="See your deployed Streamlit app" src="/images/streamlit-community-cloud/deploy-template-blank-codespace-edit-source-control.png" />
</div>

1. In the source control sidebar on the left, enter a name for your commit.
1. Click "**<i style={{ verticalAlign: "-.25em" }} className={{ class: "material-icons-sharp" }}>check</i> Commit**."

<div style={{ maxWidth: '90%', margin: 'auto' }}>
<Image alt="See your deployed Streamlit app" src="/images/streamlit-community-cloud/deploy-template-blank-codespace-edit-commit.png" />
</div>

1. In the confirmation dialog, click "**Yes**" to stage and commit all your changes. Your changes are committed locally in your codespace.
1. In the source control sidebar on the left, click "**<i style={{ verticalAlign: "-.25em" }} className={{ class: "material-icons-sharp" }}>cached</i> 1 <i style={{ verticalAlign: "-.25em" }} className={{ class: "material-icons-sharp" }}>arrow_upward</i>**" to push your commit to GitHub.
1. In the confirmation dialog, click "**OK**" to push commits to "origin/main."

   Your changes are now saved to your GitHub repository. Community Cloud will immediately reflect the changes in your deployed app.

> 1. (Optional) Return to the "**My apps**" section of your workspace at <a href="https://share.streamlit.io" target="_blank">share.streamlit.io</a>. Click on your app to see your updated, published app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optional: To see your updated, published app, return to the "**My apps**" section of your workspace at <a href="https://share.streamlit.io" target="_blank">share.streamlit.io</a>, and click on your app.
```

## Learn Streamlit fundamentals

> If you haven't learned Streamlit's basic concepts yet, nows a great time to go to [Fundamentals](/get-started/fundamentals). Use your codespace to walk through and try basic Streamlit commands. When finished, come back here to learn how to clearn up your codespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't learned Streamlit's basic concepts yet, This is a great time to go to [Fundamentals](/get-started/fundamentals). Use your codespace to walk through and try basic Streamlit commands. When finished, come back here to learn how to clean up your codespace.
```

Author: ```suggestion
If you haven't learned Streamlit's basic concepts yet, this is a great time to go to [Fundamentals](/get-started/fundamentals). Use your codespace to walk through and try basic Streamlit commands. When finished, come back here to learn how to cearn up your codespace.
```

Author: ```suggestion
If you haven't learned Streamlit's basic concepts yet, this is a great time to go to [Fundamentals](/get-started/fundamentals). Use your codespace to walk through and try basic Streamlit commands. When finished, come back here to learn how to clean up your codespace.
```

## Stop or delete your codespace

When you stop interacting with your codespace, GitHub will generally stop your codespace for you. However, the surest way to avoid undesired use of your capacity is to stop or delete your codespace when you are done.

1. Go to <a href="https://github.com/codespaces" target="_blank">github.com/codespaces</a>. At the bottom of the page, all your codespaces are listed. Click the overflow menu icon (<i style={{ verticalAlign: "-.25em" }} className={{ class: "material-icons-sharp" }}>more_horiz</i>) for your codespace.

<div style={{ maxWidth: '90%', margin: 'auto' }}>
<Image alt="Stop or delete your GitHub Codespace" src="/images/streamlit-community-cloud/deploy-hello-codespace-manage.png" />
</div>

> 2. Click "**Stop codespace**" if you'd like to return to your work later. Otherwise, click "**Delete**."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you want to return to your work later, click "**Stop codespace**." Otherwise, click "**Delete**."
```

   <div style={{ maxWidth: '40%', margin: 'auto' }}>
   <Image alt="Stop your GitHub codespace" src="/images/streamlit-community-cloud/codespace-menu.png" />
   </div>

> 3. Congratulations! You just deployed an app to Streamlit Community Cloud. 🎉 Head back to your workspace at <a href="https://share.streamlit.io/" target="_blank">share.streamlit.io/</a> and [deploy another Streamlit app](/deploy/streamlit-community-cloud/deploy-your-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Congratulations! You just deployed an app to Streamlit Community Cloud. 🎉 Return to your workspace at <a href="https://share.streamlit.io/" target="_blank">share.streamlit.io/</a> and [deploy another Streamlit app](/deploy/streamlit-community-cloud/deploy-your-app).
```
